# Documenter for Php by 8fold

## Generated URL patterns

Note: It was debated on whether to include namespaces in the URLs as they can become quite verbose; however, because PHP allows projects to use multiple namespaces, it was decided to allow for that by including `object-namespace` in the URLs generated by Documenter. Further, you do *not* need to use the URLs generated by Documenter in sites that use Documenter; however, you may not be able to take advantage of some of the automation afforded you by Documenter ($object->url(), for example). Finally and, having said all that, it was determined that sites which use namespace as hierarchical url structures (/[root-namespace]/[sub-namespace]/:id) are inviting difficult navigation trees and information architectures; therefore, the whole namespace is used as a level of the URL structure.

**`/[project-slug]`** This is a prefix URL generted to allow creating a list of versions for a project.

**`/[project-slug]/[project-version-slug]`** This is the base URL generated by a given project version.

**`/[project-slug]/[project-version-slug]/[object-namespace]`** This is a prefix URL to allow creating a list of Project Objects within a given Namespace.

**`/[project-slug]/[project-version-slug]/[object-namespace]/[project-object-name]`** This is a prefix URL to allow creating a list of Class_, Trait_, Interface_, Method, and Property objcts found in the files within the project. `project-object-name` will be one of the following strings, listed in respective order to the type of object instantiated:

- classes
- traits
- interfaces
- functions
- properties

**`/[project-slug]/[project-version-slug]/[object-namespace]/[functions or properties]/[project-object-slug]`** This is the url for viewing a specific Method or Property Project Object that is not "owned" by another Project Object. `project-object-slug` is the `name` of the object converte to a slug.

Note: Most of the projects we work on do not have functions or methods that exist outside a Class_, Trait_, or Interface_. Therefore, namespace may not be a necessary consideration. *Put this analysis in the TODO column.*

**`/[project-slug]/[project-version-slug]/[object-namespace]/[classes, traits, or interfaces]/[project-object-slug]`** This is a prefix URL to allow the creation of a page listing all the Method, Properties, Trait_, and Interface_ Project Objects used by a single Class_, Trait_, or Interface_.

**`/[project-slug]/[project-version-slug]/[object-namespace]/[classes, traits, or interfaces]/[project-object-slug]/[methods or properties]`** This is a prefix URL to all the creation of apage lsiting all the Method or Property Project Objects used by a single Class_, Trait_, or Interface_. 

**`/[project-slug]/[project-version-slug]/[object-namespace]/[classes, traits, or interfaces]/[project-object-slug]/[methods or properties]/[project-object-slug]`** This URL displays a single method or property that is owned by a Class_, Trait_, or Interface_ Project Object.
